[Music]
dragonglass kills white walkers it's
more valuable to us now the gold we need
to find it we need to mine it we need to
make weapons from it we need allies
stronger better allies we can't win this
war alone I invited Euron Greyjoy the
new clean of the Iron Islands it's the
greatest mother Westeros has ever seen
with the iron fleet you owned the seas
the surest way to a woman's heart is
with a gift a priceless gift I won't
return to King's Landing until I have
that for you what do you say eyes
a wall of ice
the wall
they're the marching past what is it
he's a map of Dragonstone thatis
dragonglass a mountain oven shall we
begin
I believe you have a role to play as
does another the king in the north
Jon Snow summoned Jon Snow let him stand
before you and tell you the things that
have happened to him the things that
you're seeing with his own eyes if he
does rule the north he would make a
valuable ally tell Jon Snow that his
queen invites him to come to Dragonstone
and bend the knee this is quite advanced
and beyond our skills lady Greyjoy will
escort you home to Sunspear and her iron
fleet will ferry the Dornish army back
up to King's Landing
grey worm in the unsullied will serve
for the rock unticked you're not dying
today so Jarrah Dragonstone sits on a
mountain of dragonglass I received this
a few days ago from Dragonstone Tyrion
has invited me to Dragonstone to meet
with Daenerys and I'm going to accept
your on
I will return their Spyder one last time
m'lady
I have to die in this strange country
just like you so I assume my lord you're
here to bend the knee I am NOT your
grace everyone you know will die before
winters over if we don't defeat the
enemy to the north if they get past the
wall and we're squabbling amongst
ourselves we're finished you'll be
rolling over a graveyard if we don't
defeat the night king please accept this
gift on behalf of all of your loyal
subjects in DI deines I will allow you
to mine the dragon glass and forge
weapons from it any resources or men you
need I will provide for you I can never
be Lord of anything and the three-eyed
raven when the long night comes again I
need to be ready the infection no longer
appears to be active that man is alive
because of you the gates of Casterly
Rock are impregnable
in Kazan s Casa de Betty
[Music]
I'd hate to die like your son not at all
what I intended tell Sasi I wanted to
know him with me I need to expand my
armies my navies my hand Qyburn has made
overtures to the golden company in Essos
I imagine that would require outside
investment rest assured your grace you
can count on the iron bank support I
wanted you to see it before we start
packing it two-bit this dick all we'll
ever need
they were here together the children in
the first land they fought together
against their common enemy it's always
been real I will fight for the news when
he bend the knee
mr. chef Gilles wolodja if they make it
past the wall and the wall has kept them
out for thousands of years presumably I
need to go home
Leslie thinks the army of the Dead is
nothing but a story bring one of these
things down to King's Landing and show
her the truth
anything you bring back will be useless
unless Cersei grants as an audience the
only person she listens to is Jaime he
might listen to me Daenerys wants to
meet why would you want to choose now
because an army of dead men is marching
on the Seven Kingdoms here we all are at
the same moment heading in the same
direction for the same reason
[Music]
where are the others Raven really just
under Raven
[Music]
go
French huh
bend the knee those who swore allegiance
to you they all come to see you for what
you are
if my brother Jaime is informed me
correctly you asking me for a truce yes
that's all
the groun exceptional truce until the
dead are defeated I don't care about
checking my worst impulses I don't care
about making the world a better place
and the world now you're pregnant it's
important for the northerners to see us
as allies we sailed together you stand
accused of murder you stand accused of
treason how do you answer these charges
Lord Baelish the conflict between the
Starks and the Lannisters it was you who
started it do you deny it at the start
boy and his new queen too feminine orth
we stay here where we've always been I
made the promise
[Music]
John isn't really my father son he's the
son of Rhaegar Targaryen and my aunt
Lyanna stabbed he went regularly on ER
in a secret ceremony Robert's rebellion
was built on a lie
[Music]
you